
Description: The acl ("access control list") file can be changed by a 
   conference administrator, or by anyone given permision to change 
   the file as listed in the acl file.  Type the command "change acl" 
   to change the file.  If the acl file exists, it overrides the 
   security options in the conference type in the config file.

   The acl file should consist of "r", "w", "c", and "a" lines, which 
   may occur in any order.  The "r" line specifies who may read items
   in the conference (and thus, who may join the conference).  The
   "w" line specifies who may write responses to existing items.
   The "c" line specifies who may create new items.  The "a" line
   specified who may change the acl file.

   Each line consists of the type (r/w/c/a), followed by one or more
   fields (in any order) from the following list, each optionally 
   prefixed with a + or a -:
      all          Anyone
      registered   Users with accounts
      fwlist       Fairwitnesses
      sysop        Conference administrators
      originlist   Anyone passing an origin check ("help file originlist")
      password     Anyone who knows the conference password
      f:ulist      Anyone listed in the ulist file
      f:observers  Anyone listed in the observers file
      f:<filename> Anyone listed in the <filename> file (do not
                   include the <>)

   If a +, or nothing, precedes the field, a user must satisfy the
   indicated condition for permission to be granted.  If a - precedes 
   the field, a user must NOT satisfy the indicated condition.
   In order for permission to be granted, a user must satistify ALL
   conditions in the appropriate line.  

Example:
r +all +registered
w +all +registered -f:observers
c +all +registered +fwlist
a +sysop

   In the example file above, any registered user may join the conference
   and read items.  All registered users except those listed in the 
   "observers" file are able to respond.  Only fairwitnesses are able
   to enter new items, and only conference administrators can change
   the access control list.

   If the "a" line is not present, it defaults to "+sysop".

See also: change acl, security, fairwitnesses, maillist, newsgroup,
   file observers, file originlist
